README.md, before:

# picoInterview

## Q1 PYTHON + python sqlite3
to run this project, 
please run in the terminal
```
cd q1
python q1.py _ISBN_
```

eg. 
```
python q1.py 0000000000
```
The _ISBN_ can include dashes and white spaces, the functions will automatically rid of the white spaces and dashes for its own ease of use.

If there are no responses, it is probably because the table includes no dummy entries.
To make dummy entries, run the following command line

```
python q1.py
```

This will create (isbn , title, author, language).

        ("0000000000", "Alice in Wonderland",  "Alice", "Aboriginal Canadian"),
        ("0000000000000", "Bob the Builder", "Bob", "Braille"),
        ("1111111111", "Charlie's Angel", "Charlie", "Chinese"),
        ("1111111111111", "Darwinism", "Darwin", "Dehong"),
        ("2222222222", "Elephant in the Room" , "Eli", "English"),
        ("2222222222222", "Histoire de Francis Drake", "Frank", "French"),



## Q2 NEXT.JS USING JAVASCRIPT
to run this project, 
```
cd q2/q2
npm run dev 
```

open http://localhost:3000

Commit message:

some readme update with netlify

README.md, after:

# picoInterview

## Q1 PYTHON + python sqlite3
to run this project, 
please run in the terminal
```
cd PROJECT_ROOT/q1
python q1.py _ISBN_
```

eg. 
```
python q1.py 0000000000
```
The _ISBN_ can include dashes and white spaces, the functions will automatically rid of the white spaces and dashes for its own ease of use.

If there are no responses, it is probably because the table includes no dummy entries.
To make dummy entries, run the following command line

```
python q1.py
```

This will create (isbn , title, author, language).

        ("0000000000", "Alice in Wonderland",  "Alice", "Aboriginal Canadian"),
        ("0000000000000", "Bob the Builder", "Bob", "Braille"),
        ("1111111111", "Charlie's Angel", "Charlie", "Chinese"),
        ("1111111111111", "Darwinism", "Darwin", "Dehong"),
        ("2222222222", "Elephant in the Room" , "Eli", "English"),
        ("2222222222222", "Histoire de Francis Drake", "Frank", "French"),



## Q2 NEXT.JS USING JAVASCRIPT

### Deployed on Netlify


### Alternatively, 

For the for time install all necessary dependencies
```
cd PROJECT_ROOT/q2/q2
```
to run this project , 
```
cd PROJECT_ROOT/q2/q2
npm run dev 
```
go to http://localhost:3000
